search: fix human string representation for metachars in query (#44917)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- The Code Insights commit indexer no longer errors when fetching commits from empty repositories when sub-repo permissions are enabled. [#44558](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/44558)
- Unintended newline characters that could appear in diff view rendering have been fixed. [#44805](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/44805)

> - An issue causing certain kinds of queries previously behaved inconsistently in Code Insights. [#44917](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/44917)

Reviewer: soup?

```suggestion
- An issue causing certain kinds of queries to behave inconsistently in Code Insights. [#44917](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/44917)
```
